Do it! What do you mean?
Did you let Jiao Fan kill Jiajia? That's right
Since the moment he mutated
I'm no longer your partner
His body
It's already a shell full of viruses
I'm a doctor.
Give me time.
I can cure him
rule
How do you treat it?
His body is out of control
Just driving around
I once said I would protect him
So it's up to you to deal with his pain
What do you mean, lad?
Tell the truth
The purpose of our operation
Is to defuse the virus
Save all mankind
And Zhang Jiajia
One of the point persons
So I couldn't kill him.
Humming can't be said so big
Don't give people meaningless hope
President Ouyang
If it is your relative
Are you infected with the virus?
Would you kill him yourself?
Compare your heart to your heart, President Ouyang